CAPA: Release v29.6.4. (#1796)
giantswarm/releases: capa/v29.6.4/README.md

# :zap: Giant Swarm Release v29.6.4 for CAPA :zap:

> This release backports cluster-aws fix for reducing IMDS Response Hop Limit to 2 if pod networking is in ENI mode to increase security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release backports a fix for reducing IMDS Response Hop Limit to 2 if pod networking is in ENI mode to increase security.
```
